hello Internet hello world it is I jesse
cox and I'm sure are the completionist
we're Team beard Cox rub off on Globox I
flew and I'm the age mate what to do the
pointy hat BTW we're on the same team
your video too you've done to that I'm
dating you looking these guys know
strategy of the camera work all right
all right guys let's shake on you come
check it out ok I just want to shake
your gonna be you all right again oh god
fuck right go over there I'll started
their kid yeah Jesse I'm just something
everyone get with him we have Lydians
good sportsmanship let's shake ok ok I'm
gonna start earlier home some happens
look the sensible that's our enter a
team hater
that's responsible
okay got you good come on and yeah
come on Jesse oh I just need to jump is
what do you do oh yeah that's wrong key
right now oh dear God oh hey there Missy
there's a man there and he's lucky
no that means yes I got you
I'm super saiyan Rockies then you gotta
go stop the king stop that King get back
to work what that's a tactical mom don't
look first round get wizard I'm so fast
that's retiring because of some poor
just imagine
you're their clothing no there is no
goalie anymore this is this Stanley Cup
style son wrong sport there's no goalie
you madam I don't think it applies this
game there's no patches your buffs or
nerve seriously you just look betta crap
friend a little you asshole
well
true never place built into the no one
shut I'm not even a game oh my god use
chill out we've done no no okay hey guys
hope you guys enjoyed the match our next
match is going to be on polarises main
channel so if you want to follow purge
and my path to victory improving why
dota 2 is the best game ever check out
the annotations and thanks kawa for
jumping into my video thanks guys I'm
just kidding